Hello Everybody. Hello Everybody. Welcome
to my channel. Today I am going to explain
an irish horror film caleed Boys from county
hill. The film begins in a small town in Ireland
named Six Miles Hill. Here, framing was the
main business. This town was famous for the
legend of Abhartach. According to the legend,
Brahm Stoker came here in the 19th century
and after listening to the story of Abhartach,
he wrote the novel Dracula. This town had
a cairn in the fields which has lasted for
centuries and is believed to be the grave
of Abhartach. Locals never touched this cairn
as they believed in its legend too. According
to the legend, Centuries ago there was a zombie-like
man known as Abhartach who used to suck blood
out of people. He was killed by a town chief
named Cahan. Cahan burried Abhartach's body
beneath this monument and placed stones over
it. So that he can never reincarnate. People
had been believing in this legend for centuries
and were still doing it today. After the book
Dracula got famous in the late 19th century,
this town became famous too. The Cairn became
a tourist place where people from all around
the world used to visit here. Here the local
bar was named after Brahm Stoker.Two youngsters
named Eugene and William were drinking at
the bar. Eugene was unemployed and broke,
he lived alone in his house. William completed
his degree at the university and was working
at Eugene's dad's construction company. Off-coarse
temporarily. These two guys mutual friend,
Claire, was a bar attendant in this bar. These
three wanted to settle out of this town as
they believed this town as a shitty town.
Now two Canadian tourists have just arrived
at this bar who apparently had lots of money.
Seeing the money they have, Eugene takes them
on a tour of Cairn. Narrating the history
of Cairn, he says, Abhartach was the first
vampire in the world, as soon as someone comes
near him, blood starts to pour out from them
like water. William says that this cairn has
been on his Dad's farm for centuries. If someone
places their ears on this cairn, then even
today they will hear the voice of Abartach.
William asks tourists to check it for themselves.
As soon as one guy places his ear on the stone,
a vampire-like hand grabs his head. Which
naturally spooks him, and he runs away from
there shouting in panic. Now we see Eugene
and William's fourth friend, Sap, emerging
from the cairn. It was all a prank concocted
by these guys to scare the tourists. L O L.
The tourists go away abusing these three in
anger. Later Sap says he wants to see at least
once in his life what lies beneath this cairn.
To which William says that if the bypass road
project goes through, then this cairn will
have to be demolished. Then we will see what
lies beneath it.Eugene’s dad, Francie, was
a contractor. He had a construction company
called Moffat construction. SP and William
were road workers there. He was building a
bypass road for which the demolition of this
cairn was necessary. The cairn was in the
middle of the road.Next day we see Eugene
at his house, it is adjacent to his mom’s
farm field. For centuries Eugene’s mom’s
family were in farming. Eugene’s mom’s
old house was also in the field where he used
to live when he was a child. Here Eugene’s
and Francie’s relationship was estranged.
Eugene’s mom was dead, and she was divorced.
Francie was not a good dad, he never took
care of his young son properly, hence there
was a resentment in Eugene’s heart towards
Francie. Eugene got his mom's house as an
inheritance.Francie now offers a job to Eugene
at his company. He was hoping he could use
him and William to pursue William’s dad
George, who was against the demolition of
that cairn. We see Eugene entering a huge
underground barn in front of his house, which
was there for centuries in different forms.
Their we see an opening which used to connect
to the town’s swear lines. Eugene finds
a human skull there which seemed old and half
of
its were missing. Later we see William and
Eugene at the same bar, William was planning
to shift to Australia. He had an offer from
an Australian company who was willing to pay
more. In the meanwhile, Claire lost her job
too, she was joining these boys tomorrow morning
on the road work project. As William was wasted
with drinks, hence Eugene picked him up. He
starts to drop him to his house. On the way
these two start to argue and fight over Claire
as both were in love with her. Eugene wanted
William to propose to her, otherwise he was
going to do that. These two were fighting
near the cairn where William’s hand hit
a sharp-edged stone. He starts bleeding.At
this precise time both hear George’s screaming
voice as one of his bulls was raging towards
him. The bull directly attacks William, it
pokes his horn into him, which results in
his death on the spot. Gorge arrives and drives
it away from William, but it was late. Eugene
observes a strange phenomenon here, all the
blood coming from Eugene’s body was sinking
in the mud as if someone was sucking it from
beneath.Next day police investigate this matter,
William’s funeral takes place. The town’s
people were blaming Eugene for William’s
death, they were unhappy about the road project
as it was going to demolish that cairn. Where
Eugene was a part of it. Later Eugene Claire
and Sp start their routine work. After a few
weeks the project arrives at the cairn location.
George was still not ready to move on from
his house or agree to demolish that cairn
which was directly obstructing the road project.
He insists on Eugene not to demolish that
cairn as he thought it could make the evil
alive again.He warns him. He asks him in a
cryptic way about William’s blood when he
died, to which Eugene gives no answer. As
he was feeling guilty.Eugene now orders his
co-worker Gabriel to demolish that cairn,
but like many in town, he was scared too.
He refuses it. Hence, Eugene himself demolishes
that cairn. At night we see Eugene and Claire
who were getting close, Claire started to
like Eugene. At the construction site we see
Charlie, the night guard, someone knocks at
his cabin. When Charlie opened the door, there
was nobody. He shouts angrily in the air as
he was pissed. As soon as he returns to his
cabin, we see his blood splashing on the window.
Meaning someone has just killed him.Next day
Francie makes Eugene the in-charge for the
day as he was leaving the town for some odd
work. Later Eugene and others see that someone
has rebuilt the cairn. Charlie was missing
too. Eugene gets confused, he goes back to
the drawing board and makes a new way so that
the cairn could be saved. When Francie arrives
in the evening and sees that no work was done,
then he angrily shuts at Eugene. He rejects
Eugene’s new proposal saying he was no engineer.
He orders him to demolish that cairn again.Now
we see Charlie at the cabin who was looking
sick. Eugene was taking him to the hospital
in a van, then the sunset happens. Charlie
converts and becomes a vampire, he attacks
Eugene which causes an accident. Francie,
Claire, SP and Gabriel help Eugene, then all
the head lights at the site go off. Eugene
explains about the vampire-like behavior of
Charlie, but nobody heeds it. Francie now
goes to switch on the lights where someone
kidnaps Gabriel. Eugene was searching for
Charlie at the cabin where Charlie attacked
him violently. Claire arrives there in time,
and she starts to beat Charlie with a measuring
rod. She pokes the nose of the rod into Charlie's
heart, which causes his heart to move out
from his body. Eugene and Claire ran from
there in panic where SP and Francie found
Gabriel’s body. He was dead too. These guys
were in chaos as they didn’t know what the
hell was happening.Now Charlie came from that
cabin with that pole on his chest, and his
heart was out. He had become an undead zombie
as Abartech. Francie grabs him by his pole
and drops him into a hole. He beats him, but
he doesn't die. Charlie climbs the pole and
starts coming out of it. Claire pours a ton
of mud on him with the help of a JCB, but
that also doesn't help.He starts to get out
of the mud. Eugene asks Claire to pour stones
on him from a nearby cairn as a last resort.
Claire does that, and this time Charlie was
buried. Meaning, he was converted into a zombie,
and you could only finish them by burying
them with stones like cairn.All four breathe
a sigh of relief for a few minutes. They were
now convinced in the legend of Abhartech.
This has been happening since yesterday when
Eugene demolished the cairn. These guys see
some movement from the original cairn, the
hand of the original Abhartech comes out of
it. As Claire had demolished the original
cairn to pour stones on the charlie. Seeing
this these four runs away from it like Usain
Bolt. All these scenes were very funny. The
director has done a brilliant job here. Now
they arrive at George's house and explain
everything to him. George was not surprised
here. He gives the idea of informing the police.
Eugene tries that but fails to explain it
properly. Later George shows the truth to
all. He had locked William in a room, he too
had become a zombie like Charlie. He was quite
violent, George was feeding him animals every
day. George was a mortician, he was preparing
William's body at home. That day, William
got up as soon as the night fell, it was also
seen by George's wife Pauline, and since then
she was in shock. A small piece of stone was
stuck on William's hand when he fought with
Eugene. George says that people do not convert
into zombies by the bite of a vampire, but
become zombies with the cut of Abartech stones.
George had a fake body at William's funeral.He
also confesses that he attacked Charlie in
the cabin. It was he who made him a zombie
by scratching him with the stone of Abartech.
George's farm house was in the middle of this
road project, he was trying to stop it at
any cost. That's why he made Charlie a zombie
so that he could attack everyone, which may
lead to the halting of the project. By saying
all this, George started crying. As for him,
William was still alive. He thought of his
zombieness as a medical condition that could
be cured. He didn't want to lose his son.
These four were shocked after hearing this,
they did not even expect this in their dreams.
Eugene consoles George and says, what is there
in that room is no William, William is gone,
this zombie is just a curse. These four now
pacify George and convince him. Their plan
was now to hit William hard so that he became
unconscious and put stones on his body. As
this idea was written in the novel Dracula.
Here Francie disagrees with it, he suggests
a dark creative idea of severing the head
of William. So that he will be weak and easy
to put him in a coffin. For this, they prepare
a coffin with extra boards.
George was ready with an axe. Eugene goes
to William's room, opens his lock and runs
back. William follows him, but he does not
come forward as he has understood their trick.
There were memories left in him. Claire now
grabs Eugenie's hand and provokes William
as she knew William liked her. William proceeds
forward with anger. George was about to hit
his head with an axe, that's when Pauline
shot him from behind. She was awake, and she
sensed William as her son. She goes towards
him in her innocence, but zombie William attacks
her and kills her. Oh, Poor Lady. The rest
runs away from home seeing their failed plan.
In a hurry, Eugene forgot to bring the car
keys. William now comes out, George shoots
at him for distraction, but it's no use. He
doesn't die. George didn't want to die from
a zombie bite, so he shot himself with the
gun. William attacks him anyway and eats him
alive. We see the town's police officer here
who was sleeping in his house. When he wakes
up for the leak, he starts bleeding heavily.
As the original Abhartech was now risen from
his graveyard, he was moving around the town
and sucking people's blood.The rest went back
home and were hiding. SP and Eugene were hiding
under the casket in the funeral room. Claire
and Francie were hiding in the hall. When
William was checking one casket, Eugene hammers
a nail in his head, SP pushes him in an empty
casket and shouts for help. William attacks
back, he snatches Sp's stomach, due to which
he starts bleeding. Later, Claire, Eugene
and Francie attacked William and put him in
a casket. They closed it with many nails.But
in the midst of all this, SP was hurt pretty
bad, he dies due to excessive bleeding. Eugene
and Claire were crying as they lost two of
their childhood friends in two months. But
the work was not over yet, they buried that
casket next to George's house. They pour stones
on it. Now the original Abhartech who came
out of that cairn was roaming in the town,
he was sucking blood from all the people.
Here we see that old couple which we saw at
the beginning. It was he who was at their
door step. The bar owner, tourists, police,
the common people started bleeding, blood
was flowing from their bodies into the swear
lines. Francie, Eugene and Claire now visit
Claire's house. Where Claire's mother was
bleeding while sleeping. These three were
away from Abhartech, hence they were not bleeding.
Eugene now feels that Abharatech may be heading
for that opening in his shed.That's the opening
where he found the skull and many more bones.
As it was connected to swear lines. He thinks
that initially the blood is flowing, later
bodies may flow too.Francie and Eugene now
visit their old house. Francie also starts
bleeding as soon as he arrives there. Meaning,
Abhartach was nearby. But strengly Eugene
was not bleeding. Francie observes an old
portrait hanging there and says that his Eugene's
mother was a descendant of Chahan. The town's
chief who buried the original Abhartach. Francie
concludes that Eugene might be having Chahan's
blood, hence he was not bleeding. In this
terrible situation Eugene and Francie come
closer. Suddenly, Abhartech arrives at this
and starts attacking them. Francie locks Eugene
in a room and hits Abhartech with a rod. Abhartech
attacks back, he breaks Francie's leg with
an axe. Eugene excapes from his room, he repeatedly
hits Abharatach and makes him unconscious.
Next he runs away with Francie. They both
ran away to the same underground shed where
they found the skull. It was almost morning,
according to Dracula's novel, the vampires
burn in the day light. But nothing like that
happens here. That thing was purely a friction.
Francie and Eugenie were now trapped, they
could not run anywhere. Francie asks Eugene
to uproot to uproot his leg and use it to
attack Abhartech. Eugene does not agree at
first but finally does it. He beats the crap
out of Abhartech with human legs and pores
the stones on him. By burying under the stone,
Abhartech finally dies. Eugene braces Francie's
leg tightly and stops his bleeding. As soon
as Abhartech dies, the rest of the people
of the town come to their senses, most of
them were unconscious due to bloodshed.The
story now moves forward three months. Claire
was now headed to Australia. Eugene tells
her a good bye. Francie was now living with
Eugenie, both of them had renovated the house
together. Abhartech's grave was still in the
underground shed in front of his house. So
this was the story of the film Boys from Country
Hell. This film is a horror film as well as
a comedy film. The gore scenes of the film
are quite good. The director has explored
the local Irish folklore well. The film is
full of human relations, like George and William.
A perfect father-son relationship who loved
each other very much. Whereas Eugenie and
Francie were just the opposite. The film also
focuses on the importance of friendship. I
really liked this one. I hope you do too.
If you are new to the channel, then please
subscribe and like. Thanks for watching. Take
care.